[FLINK-21589][docs] Document table pipeline upgrades (#17260)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/ops/upgrading.md

* **Changing of input and output types of operators:** When adding a new operator before or behind an operator with internal state, you have to ensure that the input or output type of the stateful operator is not modified to preserve the data type of the internal operator state (see above for details).
* **Changing operator chaining:** Operators can be chained together for improved performance. When restoring from a savepoint taken since 1.3.x it is possible to modify chains while preserving state consistency. It is possible a break the chain such that a stateful operator is moved out of the chain. It is also possible to append or inject a new or existing stateful operator into a chain, or to modify the operator order within a chain. However, when upgrading a savepoint to 1.3.x it is paramount that the topology did not change in regards to chaining. All operators that are part of a chain should be assigned an ID as described in the [Matching Operator State](#matching-operator-state) section above.

### Table API & SQL

> Due to the declarative nature of Table API & SQL programs, the underlying operator topology and state
> representation is mostly determined by the table planner. Any change to both the query and Flink version
> could lead to state incompatibility.
> 
> Every new major-minor Flink version (e.g. `1.12` to `1.13`) might introduce new optimizer rules or more
> specialized runtime operators that change the execution plan. However, the community aims to keep bug
> fix versions state compatible (e.g. `1.13.1` to `1.13.2`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the declarative nature of Table API & SQL programs, the underlying operator topology and state
representation are mostly determined and optimized by the table planner. 

Be aware that any change to both the query and the Flink version could lead to state incompatibility. Every new major-minor Flink version (i.e. `1.12` to `1.13`) might introduce new optimizer rules or more specialized runtime operators that change the execution plan. However, the community tries to keep patch versions state-compatible (i.e. `1.13.1` to `1.13.2`).
```
